Support for files with whitespace not comma as delimiter (#70)
nickrobinson251/PowerFlowData.jl: docs/src/index.md

Alternatively, the version of the data format will automatically be determined when parsing.
Versions 30 and 33 of the format are currently supported.

You can specify which character separates values in the file using the `delim` keyword,
like:
```julia
parse_network("file.raw"; delim=' ')
```

> If not specified, the delimiter format will automatically be determined when parsing.

Author: ```suggestion
If not specified, the delimiter will automatically be detected when parsing.
```
